---
layout: post
title: "Nintendo announces upcoming $20 re-releases"
description: ""
category: Gaming
site_link: http://www.fangirlthemag.com/2016/03/nintendo-announces-upcoming-20-re-releases/
site_name: "FanGirl The Magazine"
site_image: cropped-Fangirl-logo.png
tags: [3DS, Video games, Wii U]
comments : false
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Nintendo, which is horrendous at ever decreasing the price of their games, announced a variety of new Nintendo Select titles for Wii, Wii U and 3DS. Each of these titles comes with a recommended retail price of $19.99.

Wii U owners (bless your hearts) can enjoy their final moments with the console before the rumored 2016 release of the NX console with Super Mario 3D World, Donkey Kong Country Tropical Freeze,  NES Remix Pack and Pikmin 3.

If you’re still rocking the Wii and have been patiently waiting for some great titles to go on sale, you can get your hands on Super Mario Galaxy 2, Animal Crossing: City Folk, Donkey Kong Country Returns and Super Mario All Stars.

Those of you preferring a more handheld experience can pick up Ocarina of Time 3D, Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D, Mario Party Island Tour and Yoshi’s New Island for your 3DS.

All of these titles will be available for $20 starting March 11.

## Our take

These are some pretty rustic titles, but if you’ve been waiting to buy these, there’s honestly never been a better time. Due to a lack of supply,  Ocarina of Time 3D actually costs more now on Amazon than when it was initially released. I hope this is indicative of Nintendo realizing some people can’t pay full price (or more) for a game years after its release.